Get a few people to help me get this out of the way
The business is my business
I said I will do it
But this place is not very easy to talk to
He is playing outside
Don't be idle
Where are you going?
What to pack
It works.
Hmph, this bitch is not afraid of any dirty diseases
Hello Enron where are you now
Ok, I'll come to you.
Little girl, stop struggling
Someone is paying for your life
Hey, you have something to say
Don't shout, don't shout
Leave me alone and I can give you the money.
little girl
Han has Korean rules
I also collect money for work.
No way
What a pity!
Mom?
Don't be afraid slowly
Sister, you are here.
Don't cry don't cry
It's safe, don't be afraid, Lin Xi
Enron, I want to come alone with him
OK